src/pages/overview.md, before:

---
title: Overview
sections:
  - type: section_docs
    template: section_docs
    section_id: docs-overview
    col_number: three
  - type: section_cta
    template: section_cta
    title: What are you waiting for?
    section_id: cta
    subtitle: This is an optional description for the call to action block.
    actions:
      - type: action
        template: action
        label: Get Started
        url: /docs/getting-started
        style: primary
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  template: stackbit_page_meta
  title: Overview
  description: This is the overview page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Overview
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the overview page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Overview
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the overview page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
template: advanced
---

Commit message:

overview.md: updated subtitle in sections

src/pages/overview.md, after:

---
title: Overview
sections:
  - type: section_docs
    template: section_docs
    section_id: docs-overview
    col_number: three
  - type: section_cta
    template: section_cta
    title: What are you waiting for?
    section_id: cta
    subtitle: Join our exclusive social groups and keep updated with us.
    actions:
      - type: action
        template: action
        label: Get Started
        url: /docs/getting-started
        style: primary
seo:
  type: stackbit_page_meta
  template: stackbit_page_meta
  title: Overview
  description: This is the overview page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Overview
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the overview page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Overview
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the overview page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/5.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
template: advanced
---
